Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#26)
PrestaShop/blockcart: Readme.md

# Cart block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_shoppingcart

---

## About

> Adds a block containing the customer\'s shopping cart in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a block containing the customer's shopping cart in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
